Made modifications to the instructions and added requirements for the localhost (#1)
feast-dev/feast-driver-ranking-tutorial: README.md

### Overview

Making a prediction using a linear regression model is a common use case in ML. In this guide tutorial, we build the model that predicts if a driver will complete a trip based on a number of features ingested into Feast.

> The basic local mode gives you ability to quickly try Feast, while the advance mode shows how you can use Feast in a production setting, in particular for the GCP cloud. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic local mode gives you the ability to quickly try Feast, while the advanced mode shows how you can use Feast in a production setting, in particular for the Google Cloud Platform (GCP). 
```
